o When searching for history, the line the user just sent is included
in the results. This should not happen.

o The next/prev system when displaying information privately to users
should be able to handle pages (e.g. next 3 should display page 3, or
something).

o When searching through the history, the user should be able to
specify a starting date (or perhaps a range of dates?). Something more
sophisticated anyway.

o The 'history/' folder name should not be displayed to the user when
searching for history items. This is essentially irrelevant and taking
up screen space (it's coming from the shell command output).

o last-seen plugin has a bug where if a user is connected to the
channel and then we say !seen <user>, we get the date they last
disconnected. The bot should say something like "They are connected
right now!" or something.

o We should check the authentication of all users connected to the
channel when the bot joins. As it checks authentication whenever
another user joins it works for now (users can use <name of bot>: check
authentication to force the process), but it would be nice to fix.

o The map of what text we were relaying to users (e.g. history
searching) should probably be updated when a user leaves the channel
so the information is not left hanging around.

o Users should be able to talk to the kiwi in private chat with normal
commands (e.g. <botname>: help). Currently this isn't handled.

o A plugin which wishes to send a user a private message should get
access to the nice next/prev system we have, currently it does not
because it executes a different function. Essentially,
sendLuaPrivateMessage should call sendToUser (this name difference is
also inconsistent?).
